Terms + Conditions 
 
Receipt of this document implies your acknowledgement, understanding, and acceptance of the items listed 
herein. 
 
Shared Space 
●Space will be first come/first served to ASU-affiliated ventures and mentors in designated 
areas. 
●The 1951@SkySong co-working space is designed to be a professional work area - please 
maintain a clean desk space. 
●Open spaces surrounding the desk spaces are meant for team meetings and for use as temporary 
additional work space. Open spaces are designed for everyone’s use, please ensure all affiliated 
teams have fair access. 
●Whiteboards are shared items, after use, please clean thoroughly. 
●Should any workspace issues arise, please email ​1951@asu.edu​ so it can be addressed appropriately. 
 
Computers, Internet, and Power 
●It is recommended teams bring their own laptops for use in the space; there are no stationary 
computers provided in the space. 
●SkySong or ASU’s Entrepreneurship + Innovation will not be responsible for any lost or stolen 
equipment. 
●Wireless Internet may be accessed via the secured or guest ASU Wi-Fi networks. 
●Power outlet floor adapters may be found in the bottom left drawer near the sink in the lobby. Only one 
power strip per outlet. It is a violation of the fire code to “daisy chain” power strips, i.e. plugging in one 
power strip to another. 
 
IT Support 
●ASU RTS is the IT helpdesk for SkySong. 
●Email ​rtshelp@asu.edu​ or call 480-965-9065 (option 2) to submit a ticket. 
  
Mail Handling 
●There will be one designated mail slot for all ventures that are granted access to 1951@SkySong. 
●The 1951@SkySong mail slot is located in the  second floor copy room. 
●When using an address for incoming venture mail, you may use the following:  
“Venture Name” 
ASU 1951@SkySong Affiliate 
1475 N. Scottsdale Road, Suite 200 
Scottsdale, AZ 85257 
1 
 
SkyCafe Kitchen 
●There is 1 refrigerator and 2 microwaves located on the 2nd floor for your use. 
●An additional 4 refrigerators, 2 microwaves, and a toaster are located on the 3rd floor for your use as 
well. 
●Any personal refrigerators and microwaves are not permitted. 
●Coffee is free of charge between the hours of 7 am to 3 pm to all supported ventures and their 
affiliates. 
●You are required to clean up after yourself at all times. 
 
 Security 
●1951@SkySong is under surveillance 24/7. 
●Because SkySong is an open working environment, please keep all valuables locked while you 
are working at SkySong. 
●A Security Team is on duty at SkySong 24/7 and is available to assist you after hours and 
weekends. 
●The Security phone number is 602-296-8123. 
 
Events 
●ASU Entrepreneurship + Innovation staff have the rights to hold meetings and events that might 
interfere with your workspace at any given time.  
 
Aknowledgements 
1.All members, regardless of status, must adhere to the ​ASU Code of Ethics (ACD 204-01)​. Violations of 
the code will result in dismissal from the space.  
2.In accord with Title IX of the Educational Amendments of 1972, membership and all privileges, including 
founder positions, will be extended to all students without regard to age, ethnicity, gender, disability, 
color, national origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, or veteran status.  
3.The program and its offerings are not guaranteed and are subject to change at any time.  
4.1951@SkySong organizers reserve the right to interpret these rules, and to alter, amend or change 
them, at their discretion. 
 
Violations of the above policies may result in termination of access to space in 1951@SkySong and/or 
removal from any Entrepreneurship + Innovation programs. 
2 

