It is understood and agreed between Rippln, Inc. and the signing party, (collectively referred to as “the Parties”) that the Parties herein would each like to provide the other with certain information that may be considered confidential and/or proprietary. To ensure the protection of such information and in consideration of the agreement to exchange said information, the parties agree as follows:

1. The confidential information to be disclosed under this Agreement (“Confidential Information”) can be described as and includes:

Technical and business information relating to proprietary ideas, patentable ideas and/or trade secrets, existing and/or contemplated products and services, research and development, production, projections, customers, clients, marketing, and current or future business plans and models, regardless of whether such information is designated as “Confidential Information” at the time of its disclosure.

In addition to the above, Confidential Information shall also include, and the parties shall have a duty to protect, other confidential and/or sensitive information which is (a) disclosed as such in writing and marked as confidential (or with other similar designation) at the time of disclosure; and/or (b) disclosed by in any other manner and identified as confidential at the time of disclosure and is also summarized and designated as confidential in a written memorandum delivered within thirty (30) days of the disclosure.

2. The parties shall use the Confidential Information only for the purpose of exploring a potential business and/or consulting relationship between the Parties, and shall not otherwise disclose any confidential information to other parties unless mutually agreed in writing.

3. The Parties shall limit disclosure of Confidential Information within its own organization to its directors, officers, and/or partners a need to know and shall not disclose Confidential Information to any third party (whether an individual, corporation, or other entity) without prior written consent. The parties shall satisfy its obligations under this paragraph if it takes affirmative measures to ensure compliance with these confidentiality obligations by its employees, agents, consultants and others who are permitted access to or use of the Confidential Information.

4. This Agreement imposes no obligation upon the Parties with respect to any Confidential Information (a) that was possessed before receipt; (b) is or becomes a matter of public knowledge through no fault of receiving party; (c) is rightfully received from a third party not owing a duty of confidentiality; (d) is disclosed without a duty of confidentiality to a third party by, or with the authorization of the disclosing party; or (e) is independently developed.

5. The parties warrant that they have the right to make the disclosures under this Agreement.

6. This Agreement shall not be construed as creating, conveying, transferring, granting or conferring upon either party any rights, license or authority in or to the information exchanged, except the limited right to use Confidential Information specified in paragraph 2. Furthermore and specifically, no license or conveyance of any intellectual property rights is granted or implied by this Agreement.

7. Neither party has an obligation under this Agreement to enter into any final and binding agreement with the other Party. Furthermore, both parties acknowledge and agree that the exchange of information under this Agreement shall not commit or bind either party to any present or future contractual relationship (except as specifically stated herein), nor shall the exchange of information be construed as an inducement to act or not to act in any given manner.

8. Neither party shall be liable to the other in any manner whatsoever for any decisions, obligations, costs or expenses incurred, changes in business practices, plans, organization, products, services, or otherwise, based on either party’s decision to use or rely on any information exchanged under this Agreement.

9. If there is a breach or threatened breach of any provision of this Agreement, it is agreed and understood that the non- breaching party shall have no adequate remedy in money or other damages and accordingly shall be entitled to injunctive relief; provided however, no specification in this Agreement of any particular remedy shall be construed as a waiver or prohibition of any other remedies in the event of a breach or threatened breach of this Agreement.

10. This Agreement states the entire agreement between the parties concerning the disclosure of Confidential Information and supersedes any prior agreements, understandings, or representations with respect thereto. Any addition or modification to this Agreement must be made in writing and signed by authorized representatives of both parties. This Agreement is made under and shall be construed according to the laws of the State of Texas. In the event that this agreement, is breached, any and all disputes must be settled in a court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Texas.

11. If any of the provisions of this Agreement are found to be unenforceable, the remainder shall be enforced as fully as possible and the unenforceable provision(s) shall be deemed modified to the limited extent required to permit

WHEREFORE, the parties acknowledge that they have read and understand this Agreement and voluntarily accept the duties and obligations set forth herein.

Rippln, Inc.
Address: 901 Sam Rayburn Highway
Melissa, Texas 75454
Date:
25th July 2013


PRIVACY POLICY

Effective February 1, 2013

This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") is associated with a website owned by Rippln, Inc. ("Rippln"). Rippln’s network of applications and websites includes numerous product marketing Web sites (the "Websites"). The Privacy Policy is in effect for all Websites owned and operated by the Rippln. By using any of the Websites, you signify that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy.

This policy applies to all online communication with Websites owned by Rippln or its affiliated companies. When you provide us with online information through any of the Websites, we respect your privacy. It is important for you to understand what information we collect about you during your visit and what we do with that information. Your visit to any of our Websites is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions.

1. Information Collected

You may browse our Websites without providing any personal information. If you decide to place an order, we will ask you for your name, delivery and billing address, phone number(s), email address, credit card number and its expiration date. If you choose to register to become a
Distributor with Rippln, we may ask you for information such as your contact information (e.g., name, e-mail address and mailing address), or birth date. When you submit your personally identifiable information on one of the Websites, you are giving your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.

We may also collect, store or accumulate certain non-personally identifiable information concerning your use of this Website, such as information regarding which of our pages are most popular, your IP address, browser, city, time zone, referring URL, and operating system. Information gathered may be used in aggregate form for internal business purposes, such as generating statistics, developing marketing plans, customizing content, and improving the Website. We may share or transfer any non-personally identifiable information with or to our affiliates, licensees and partners.

All of our Websites are intended for adults. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. However, if the parent or guardian of a child under 13 believes that the child has provided us with personally identifiable information, the parent or guardian of that child should contact us at support@rippln.com if they want this information deleted from our files so that it is not in retrievable form. If we otherwise obtain knowledge that we have personally identifiable information about a child under 13 in retrievable form in our files, we will delete that information from our existing files so that it is not retrievable.

2. Protection of Personal Information

The Rippln may use the information that you provide to fulfill your request for a product, information, or other service, or respond to an email or other request, as well as to create and deliver to you communications containing product information, usage tips or promotions, help improve our website(s) or services, or customize visitors' experience at our Website(s). The RIPPLN may also use your personally identifiable information to send you information about business opportunities, products, services and special offers. However, we want to communicate with you via email correspondence only if you want to hear from us.Â  If for any reason you no longer which to receive email messages from Rippln please unsubscribe in your back office, or via the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of the email announcement.Â 

Please note, if you opt not to receive marketing emails and/or messages from Rippln, you may still receive "Transactional" messages regarding your service (i.e. order confirmation, customer service notifications, etc.) If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, contact us at support@rippln.com.

We may contract with companies or individuals to provide certain services including email and hosting services, credit card processing, shipping, data management, surveys and marketing, promotional services, etc. We call them our Service Providers. We may share personally identifiable information with Service Providers solely as appropriate for them to perform their functions, but they may not use such information for any other purpose.

We do not share your credit card or other account information with unaffiliated third parties unless necessary to fulfill our responsibilities including, but not limited to, delivering a product or service that you order.

Finally, the Rippln may disclose personal information in special cases: (1) when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) the rights of Rippln or to anyone that could be harmed by such activities; (2) when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; (3) to any third party who may acquire the Rippln; and (4) in situations involving threats to the physical safety of any person.

3. Ensuring Your Security

We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), an advanced security protocol that protects your credit card information and ensures secure online ordering. SSL Internet connections are encrypted, and thus protect all credit card ordering information, including your name, address and credit card number, so it cannot be read in transit. We use secure technology, privacy protection controls, and restrictions on employee access, to safeguard your personal information. Please note, however, that although we employ industry-standard security measures to safeguard the security of your personal information, no transmissions made on or through the Internet are guaranteed to be secure.

4. External Websites

Our Websites and/or Application may offer links to and from other third party sites. Other sites have their own policies regarding privacy. If you visit one of these sites, you may want to review the privacy policy on that site.

5. International Users

Like almost every website, our Websites may be accessed by an international audience. By visiting our Websites and providing us with data, you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be processed for the purposes identified in this policy. In addition, such data may be stored on servers located outside your resident jurisdiction and in jurisdictions which may have less stringent privacy practices than your own. By providing us with your data, you consent to the transfer of such data.

6. Your California Privacy Rights

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of RIPPLN who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding twelve calendar months. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to

Jenifer Grace
General Counsel
Rippln, Inc.
901 Sam Rayburn Highway
Melissa, Texas 75454

7. Changes to Policy

We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised policy here. As we may make changes at any time without notifying you, we suggest that you periodically consult this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Website after the changes are posted constitutes your agreement to the changes, both with regard to information we have previously collected from you and with regard to information we collect from you in the future. If you do not agree to the changes, please discontinue your use of our Website/Application.


TERMS OF SERVICE Rippln® Terms of Service


IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING RIPPLN® TERMS OF SERVICE (“AGREEMENT”) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE RIPPLN® SITE OR DOWNLOADING AND/OR USING THE PRODUCT (DEFINED BELOW).


UNLESS YOU OR THE ENTITY THAT EMPLOYS YOU HAS SIGNED A WRITTEN AGREEMENT REGARDING YOUR USE AND/OR ACCESS TO THE RIPPLN SITE AND PRODUCT, THIS AGREEMENT WILL GOVERN YOUR USE OF THE RIPPLN SITE AND PRODUCT. IF YOU OR THE ENTITY THAT EMPLOYS YOU HAS SIGNED A WRITTEN AGREEMENT, THEN THE TERMS OF THAT AGREEMENT SHALL BE BINDING UPON YOU AND YOUR EMPLOYER.


EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT SPECIFIED ABOVE, BY CHOOSING THE “LOGIN”, “SIGN UP”, “ACCEPT”, OR “AGREE” BUTTON OR ANY SIMILAR BUTTON OR LINK AND/OR BY USING THE RIPPLN SITE AND/OR DOWNLOADING AND/OR USING ANY COMPONENT OF THE RIPPLN PRODUCT, YOU ARE BINDING YOURSELF (“CUSTOMER” OR “YOU”) TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.


RIPPLN, INC, A TEXAS CORPORATION (“RIPPLN”) IS WILLING TO PROVIDE YOU ACCESS TO THE RIPPLN SITE AND THE PRODUCT ONLY UPON THE CONDITION THAT YOU ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS CONTAINED HEREIN. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEN DO NOT CHOOSE THE “LOGIN”, “SIGN UP”, “ACCEPT”, OR “AGREE” BUTTON OR ANY SIMILAR BUTTON OR LINK AND DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, OR USE THE PRODUCT OR ACCESS THE RIPPLN SITE, AND RIPPLN IS UNWILLING TO PROVIDE YOU RIGHTS TO USE THE RIPPLN SITE OR PRODUCT.


THE PRODUCT AND THE RIPPLN SITE ARE AVAILABLE FOR INDIVIDUALS AGED 13 OR OLDER, IF YOU ARE 13 OR OLDER BUT UNDER THE AGE OF 18, YOU SHOULD REVIEW THESE TERMS WITH YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN TO MAKE SURE THAT YOU AND YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN UNDERSTAND THESE TERMS. BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE NOT UNDER THE AGE OF 13.


WRITTEN APPROVAL IS NOT A PREREQUISITE TO THE VALIDITY OR ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT AND NO SOLICITATION OF OR ANY SUCH WRITTEN APPROVAL BY OR ON BEHALF OF RIPPLN SHALL BE CONSTRUED AS AN INFERENCE TO THE CONTRARY. IF THESE TERMS ARE CONSIDERED AN OFFER BY RIPPLN, CUSTOMER’S ACCEPTANCE IS EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO THESE TERMS.


Whereas, in connection with this Agreement, Rippln has or will provide to Customer certain proprietary software (which includes the software products Rippln currently refers to as Rippln Chat , Rippln Chat, and/or any upgrades and updates to the same which are provided to Customer hereunder), together with certain documentation and potentially certain hardware (if any) (such material to be delivered via the Rippln Site or otherwise directly or indirectly through the online Apple App Store or any other direct or indirect distribution means that Rippln uses) (all such software, documentation and hardware products supplied directly or indirectly by Rippln to Customer hereunder shall collectively be deemed “Product”);


Whereas, Rippln has developed a website which is available to registered users of the Product (“Rippln Site”) in order to streamline communication between Rippln and the Customer and to provide a secure means to deliver components of the Product and to communicate with Customer;


Whereas, this Agreement shall govern Customer’s use of the Rippln Site and the Product;


Whereas, as used herein, Rippln Affiliates shall be defined as any entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with Rippln; 


Now, therefore, in consideration of the mutual covenants set forth herein, the parties agree as follows:


1. Authorized Purpose; Permitted Uses; Restrictions.


(a) Authorized Purpose.


For Rippln. Subject to the terms herein, Rippln is willing to supply access to the Rippln Product and Rippln Site to Customer solely so that the Customer may use the Product for commercial use up to the number of copies of Rippln  downloaded for commercial non-government use in accordance with instructions provided by Rippln from time to time during the License Term.


For Rippln. Subject to the terms herein, Rippln is willing to supply access to the Rippln Product and Rippln Site to Customer for personal, non-commercial non-government use in accordance with instructions provided by Rippln from time to time during the License Term.


Each of the forgoing describes the Authorized Purpose of the relevant product (the “Authorized Purpose”).


(b) License; License Term. 


Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Rippln grants to Customer a personal, non-sublicensable, non-assignable, nonexclusive license to (i) access and use the Rippln Site solely for the Authorized Purpose in accordance with the documentation or instructions supplied by Rippln and (ii) use the Product in accordance with the documentation or instructions supplied by Rippln and only on the hardware specified by Rippln, and solely for the Authorized Purpose (specified above).


If you have obtained a licensed to Rippln, then you have obtained a personal, non-commercial non- government license, and your license is provided free of charge. Rippln may in the future charge for Rippln after providing you notice.


If you have purchased a license to Rippln, then you have purchased a commercial license. 
For clarity you may not use Rippln for commercial purpose and you may not use either Rippln for any government purposes. License for government or government employees or contractors may be obtained outside of this Agreement, please contact Rippln to discuss obtaining such rights.


The license term for each product shall begin when Customer first gets access to the Rippln Site or Product and for Rippln the term shall continue until this Agreement is terminated by either party. (“License Term”).


(a) Registration for Product and Rippln Site; Access and Use of the Rippln Site. Customer can create an account for use of the Product. Customer can also create an account on the Rippln Site and use such accounts to obtain information and submit support questions about the Product. In creating an account Customer agrees to provide truthful information; impersonating others or providing false information in connection with creating a user account is strictly prohibited. Customer agrees (i) to provide accurate, current and complete information as may be prompted by Rippln in connection with Customer’s registration for and use of the Rippln Site and/or Product; (ii) to maintain the security of the identification and password associated with the access and use of the Rippln Site; and (iii) to immediately inform Rippln if Customer becomes aware of any unauthorized access or use of the Rippln Site and/or the Product.

(b) Restrictions. Except to the extent permitted by the licensing terms governing use of any open source components included with the Product (if any), Customer agrees that it will not (and shall not allow others to): (i) make the Product and/or the Rippln Site available to any third party in a service bureau arrangement or otherwise lend, rent, sell, lease, redistribute, sublicense, provide or otherwise transfer the Product and/or Rippln Site to any third party or use it on behalf of or for the benefit of a third party; (ii) reverse engineer, reverse assemble or compile or otherwise derive or attempt to derive the source code or structure of the Product and/or Rippln Site (except as and only to the extent any foregoing restriction is prohibited by applicable law); (iii) modify, reproduce, or create derivative works of the Product and/or Rippln Site; (iv) remove any copyright or other proprietary notices contained in the Product and/or Rippln Site; (v) directly or indirectly export or re-export the Product and/or Rippln Site; (vi) disclose the performance results for the Product and/or Rippln Site to any third party except as expressly authorized by Rippln; (vii) use the Product and/or Rippln Site for any other purpose other than the Authorized Purpose or beyond the restrictions and limitations specified in this Agreement and on the Rippln Site, (viii) use the Product and/or Rippln Site for or in connection with any illegal or unlawful activity or purpose, or (ix) remove, circumvent, or interrupt with any digital rights management or security tools or other similar technologies available on or in the Product or Rippln Site; (x) “frame” or “mirror” any part of the Rippln Site without our prior written authorization from Rippln or use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, “data mine” or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Rippln Site or its contents (a limited exception is provided to general purpose Internet search engines and non-commercial public archives that use such tools to gather information for the sole purpose of displaying hyperlinks to the Rippln Site, provided they each do so from a stable IP address or range of IP addresses using an easily identifiable agent); (xi) interfere with or violate any other Product or Rippln Site visitor's or user's right to privacy or other rights, or harvest, scrape, or collect information about Product or Rippln Site visitors or users without their express consent or otherwise in violation of this Agreement; and/or (xii) impersonate another or use the Product or Rippln Site for the purpose of harassing, intimidating or any other illegal activity. 

In addition, you agree not to use the Products or Rippln Site to: (a) upload, transmit, or distribute any computer viruses, worms, or any software intended to damage or alter a computer system or data; (b) send unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of duplicative or unsolicited messages, whether commercial or otherwise; (c) harvest, collect, gather or assemble information or data regarding other users, including e-mail addresses, without their consent; (d) interfere with or disrupt servers or networks connected to the Products or Rippln Site or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of such networks; (e) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Products or Rippln Site, other computer systems or networks connected to or used together with the Products or Rippln Site, through password mining or other means; or (f) harass or interfere with another user’s use and enjoyment of the Products or Rippln Site.

You may not access or use the Product if you work with a competitor, except with Rippln’s prior written consent. In addition, You may not use or access the Product for purposes of monitoring the performance or functionality for a competitor or for any third party, or for any other benchmarking or competitive purposes and You may not share any benchmarking data regarding the Product usage with any third party without Rippln’s prior written consent.

For the avoidance of any doubt, all restrictions specified herein with respect to Product and/or Rippln Site shall apply to each component or part of Product and/or Rippln Site. Except as expressly stated herein, Rippln (and its licensors) shall, at all times, retain all rights, title and interest in and to the Product and/or Rippln Site and all copies and derivatives thereof.


2. Updates; Feedback; Content you provide. 
(a) Updates to the Product. Rippln may extend, enhance or otherwise modify the Product (or portions thereof) during the License Term, but Rippln is not obligated to do so unless Rippln has separately agreed to do so in writing. If updates and/or modifications to the Product are made available to Customer, such updates shall be deemed “Product” and shall be subject to the terms of this Agreement.

(b) Updates to this Agreement. Rippln reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, discontinue or terminate the Rippln Site or to modify this Agreement, at any time. If we modify this Agreement we will post the modification on the Rippln Site or via the Product or provide you with notice of the modification and Customer agrees that email notification or notification through the Rippln Site or Product is sufficient. We will also update the “Last Updated Date” at the bottom of this Agreement. By continuing to access or use the Rippln Site or Product after we have posted a modification on the Rippln Site or via the Product or have provided you with notice of a modification, you are indicating that you agree to be bound by the modified Agreement. If the modified Agreement is not acceptable to you, your only recourse is to cease using the Rippln Site and Product.

(c) Feedback. Rippln will treat any feedback or suggestions you provide to Rippln (“Feedback”) as non-confidential and non-proprietary to you. Thus, in the absence of a written agreement with Rippln to the contrary, you agree that you will not submit to Rippln any information or ideas that you consider to be confidential or proprietary. The Customer understands that Rippln will own and may use the Feedback provided by Customer to further improve or enhance the Product. Accordingly, Customer agrees to and hereby assigns to Rippln the Feedback (including all intellectual property rights contained therein and any modification or improvements thereof, by whomever made). At Rippln’s sole expense, and only to the extent reasonably necessary, Customer agrees to take actions reasonably requested by Rippln to evidence, perfect, obtain, maintain, enforce or defend the foregoing rights assigned. As between the parties, except as expressly granted hereunder, Rippln retains all right, title, and interest in and to the Product and Feedback provided hereunder and any modifications or improvements thereof, by whomever made.

(d) Content.

(i) Responsibility for Content. "User Content" means any and all information and content that you or other users of the Products or Rippln Site upload, transmit, display, post, distribute or otherwise provide (including but not limited to any text or audio or images included therein). You are solely responsible for your User Content. You assume all risks associated with use of your User Content, including any reliance on its accuracy, completeness or usefulness by others, or any disclosure of your User Content that makes you or any third party personally identifiable. You hereby affirm, represent, and warrant that (i) you own, or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use, and authorize other users to use, your User Content as contemplated herein or by the standard functionality of the Product and (ii) your User Content does not violate the policies and terms described herein. You agree not to use the Products or Rippln Site to collect, upload, transmit, display, post, distribute or otherwise provide any User Content (a) that violates any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right; (b) that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, tortious, threatening, harmful, abusive, invasive of another’s privacy, vulgar, defamatory, false, intentionally misleading, trade libelous, pornographic, obscene, patently offensive (e.g., material that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred, or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual) or otherwise objectionable material of any kind or nature or which is harmful to minors in any way; or (c) in violation of any law, regulation, or obligations or restrictions imposed by any third party. You may not state or imply that your User Content is in any way provided, sponsored or endorsed by Rippln. Rippln is not obligated to backup any User Content. You are solely responsible for creating backup copies of your User Content. We will protect User Content in accordance with this Agreement (including the Privacy Policy).

(ii) Policing User Content; Enforcement by Rippln.
Content you send to other users will show up on other user’s devices and these communications are also stored on our database. Even if you remove this content from your device or account, copies of this User Content will remain viewable on the devices of third party users with whom you have communicated and will be stored on our database for a period of time. Therefore you should be aware that User Content that you send to other users cannot be removed from their devices unless the other user removes the data. Also, other users can share any User Content you supply to them.

We have the right (but not the obligation) to review any User Content that is used with the Products or Rippln Site and delete (or modify) any User Content that in our sole judgment violates this Agreement, is used in a way that in our sole judgment would violate this Agreement, or may otherwise violate the rights, harm, or threaten the safety of any user or any other person, or create liability for us or any user. In addition to the foregoing, we may elect to not post any submitted User Content on the forums or delete (or modify) any User Content posted on the forums in our sole discretion. We reserve the right (but have no obligation under this Agreement) to investigate and/or take appropriate action, including legal action, in our sole discretion against you if you violate this provision or any other provision of this Agreement, including removing your User Content from the Products or Rippln Site (or modifying it), terminating your registration credentials, and/or reporting you to law enforcement authorities.

In order to cooperate with legitimate governmental requests, subpoenas or court orders, or to protect our systems and customers, or to ensure the integrity and operation of our business and systems, we may access and disclose information and data, including your registration credentials, IP addressing and traffic information, usage history, and your User Content.

(iii) Compliance with DMCA. Rippln uses the following general policy toward copyright infringement in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act or DMCA:

Rippln respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. Rippln will attempt to remove or disable access to material hosted by Rippln that Rippln believes in good faith to be copyrighted, unlawful, offensive, threatening, obscene, or objectionable material. At Rippln's sole discretion, Rippln may limit access, suspend, disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who are considered copyright and intellectual property infringers or any person which it identifies as a repeat infringer. Rippln may, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, disable and/or terminate the accounts of users who may be repeat infringers. Please understand that it is our policy to respond to clear notices of alleged copyright infringement. http://Rippln.com/legal/dmca describes the information that should be present in these notices. It is designed to make submitting notices of alleged infringement to Rippln as straightforward as possible while reducing the number of notices that we receive that are fraudulent or difficult to understand or verify.

The form of notice specified is consistent with the form suggested by the United States Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the text of which can be found at the U.S. Copyright Office Web Site, http://www.copyright.gov) but we will respond to notices of this form from other jurisdictions as well.
Regardless of whether we may be liable for such infringement under local country law or United States law, our response may include removing or disabling access to material claimed to be the subject of infringing activity and/or terminating subscribers. If we remove or disable access in response to such a notice, we may notify the owner or administrator of the affected site or content so that he or she can make a counter notification

IMPORTANT: Misrepresentations made in your notice regarding whether material or activity is infringing may expose you to liability for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees). You must consider copyright defenses, limitations or exceptions before sending a notice. If you are not sure whether material available online infringes your copyright, we suggest that you first contact an attorney.

(iv) License to User Content posted to Rippln Site. By providing or using your User Content on the Rippln Site, you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to Rippln an irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free and fully paid, worldwide license to reproduce, distribute, publicly display and perform, prepare derivative works of, incorporate into other works, and otherwise use your User Content, and to grant sublicenses of the foregoing. You agree to irrevocably waive (and cause to be waived) any claims and assertions of moral rights or attribution with respect to your User Content.


3. Communications; Data Collection/ Privacy; Contacts.


(a) Communications. in order to perform to its specifications, the Product will regularly communicate with Rippln and Rippln Affiliates’ hardware/software/servers during the normal course of operation and such hardware/software/servers will retrieve, process, transmit and store data received from the Product and the devices which Product are loaded onto (including live voice conversations and text conversations). Additionally, Rippln may contact users (by email or other contact information in connection with this Agreement.


(b) Data Collection; Usage; Privacy Policy. Rippln will have access to Customer’s profile information and User Content. Additionally, Rippln may itself gather and aggregate device data and user activity data. Third parties, such as other users of the Products and the Rippln Site or third party partners of Rippln may also provide Rippln certain data. Details about the collection and use practices can be found at www.Rippln.com/privacy.html.


To the extent Rippln gains such access to non-public profile information, User Content or to information that is personally identifiable information about the users of the Product or Rippln Site, Rippln agrees that it (and/or its contractors and its Rippln Affiliates) will not share or use that information except: (i) to communicate with Customer (via email or via notification sent through the Product, or otherwise) regarding Product, features or services delivered by Rippln, any feedback provided, support or maintenance issues, to address any complaints (ii) in order to implement and deliver the services contemplated herein or features and functionality associated with the contemplated use of Product and Rippln Site, including facilitating connections between users of the Product(iii) to diagnose problems and support our users and maintain and test and enhance the Product and Rippln Site (or related offerings), (iv) to monitor license compliance (v) to conduct other research and development activities, (vi) to assist our users in evaluating or testing the Products (vii) as permitted by Customer, (viii) to advertise, (ix) as required by law or regulation (including to answer a subpoena), or (x) as otherwise expressly identified in Rippln’s Privacy Policy. Rippln Privacy Policy as amended from time to time by Rippln shall apply to use of the Product and Rippln Site, such policy can be found at www.Rippln.com/privacy.html. By accepting the terms of this Agreement, Customer is expressly agreeing that he/she is opting into receiving the communications described herein and is agreeing to the terms of the Rippln Privacy Policy. 


(c) Contacts.
As part of your usage of our Products, we provide you the opportunity to connect automatically with your friends. We employ various techniques in order to facilitate friends finding each other on our service, including offering contact importer tools to facilitate adding to your contacts (including Facebook Friends and contacts in your address book) so that you can more readily ask your contacts to join and communicate with you through the Rippln Products. With your permission, we will access your address book and import your contacts’ names, email address, phone numbers, image, geographic location and Facebook IDs to facilitate automatic connection with your friends. We do this only for contact matching to help your friends and you find each other. Also, when you invite friends to the service, we will access your Address Book and we will import your contacts names and phone numbers in order to facilitate the invitation. We may allow other users to use contact information they already have about you, such as your email address or your name, to determine if You are a Product user. If you are already a Product user, then others can add you to their contact list by choosing your name off of a list of users available via our products. We make your name available to others to help your Contacts find you. We also give you an opportunity to invite your Contacts to register at the Rippln Site and download the Products, and in connection with that activity you may provide us access to third party contact information. When you click to invite one or more friends to join Rippln an SMS invite is sent from you from your phone. By using the importer tools or otherwise assenting to such activities, you agree that you are providing us with consent for such activities.


4. Term; Termination; Obligations at the end of the License Term.


This Agreement is effective as of the date that Customer first obtains access to Product and/or Rippln Site (“Effective Date”) and shall continue for the License Term, unless terminated in accordance with this Section. At any time, for any reason or no reason, the parties may mutually agree to terminate this Agreement. Where a license to Rippln is obtained or if a promotional unpaid license to Rippln is obtained, this Agreement may also be terminated by Rippln for any reason or no reason upon five (5) business days' written notice to the Customer. This Agreement may also be terminated immediately upon notice of breach by the other party of the provisions of this Agreement which has not been cured within five (5) days. At the end of any License Term and/or upon any termination of this Agreement, the license granted to the Product hereunder shall terminate immediately and the Customer shall within ten (10) business days, at Rippln’s request, either delete, destroy and/or return the Product, together with any and all documents, notes and other materials regarding the Product to Rippln, including, without limitation, all Proprietary Information and all copies and extracts of the foregoing. Sections 1(d), 2(c), 2(d)(i) and 3 through 7 shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.


5. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER; LIMITATION ON LIABILITY.


Customer acknowledges that the Product is provided to Customer “AS IS” without warranty of any kind. Except as expressly provided herein, Rippln, its licensors and Rippln Affiliates shall not be responsible for any costs, expenses or other liabilities incurred by anyone as a result of the failure of the Product, Rippln Site or in connection with Customer’s use of or access to the Product or Rippln Site. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS, RIPPLN, ITS LICENSORS AND RIPPLN AFFILIATES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES RELATING TO THE PRODUCT AND THE RIPPLN SITE, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES AGAINST INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD-PARTY RIGHTS, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT FOR ANY BREACH OF SECTION 1 OR 2(d)(i), NEITHER PARTY, NOR RIPPLN AFFILIATES OR LICENSORS SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY (A) FOR LOSS OR INACCURACY OF DATA OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS, SERVICES OR TECHNOLOGY, OR (B) FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR (C) FOR ANY AMOUNT IN EXCESS OF $500.00. EACH PARTY RECOGNIZES AND AGREES THAT THE WARRANTY DISCLAIMERS AND LIABILITY AND REMEDY LIMITATIONS IN THIS AGREEMENT ARE MATERIAL, BARGAINED FOR BASIS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT THEY HAVE BEEN TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT AND REFLECTED IN DETERMINING THE CONSIDERATION EXCHANGED HEREUNDER AND IN THE DECISION BY EACH PARTY TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT NEITHER RIPPLN NOR RIPPLN AFFILIATES OR LICENSORS ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSS OF LIFE, PERSONAL INJURY, OR ECONOMIC DAMAGE RESULTING FROM THE USAGE OF THE PRODUCT




YOU AGREE THAT YOU WILL NOT USE THE PRODUCT WHILE OPERATING A MOTOR VEHICLE, FOR TIME-CRITICAL OR EMERGENCY SERVICES OR EVENT OR FOR ANY OPERATION WHERE INJURY, DEATH, OR ECONOMIC DAMAGE COULD OCCUR.

7. Miscellaneous.

(a) Waiver. The failure to enforce any term of this Agreement on one occasion shall not prevent enforcement on any other occasion or the enforcement of any other term.

(b) Assignment. Although fully assignable and transferable by Rippln, neither the rights nor the obligations arising under this Agreement are assignable or transferable by Customer, and any such attempted assignment or transfer shall be void and without effect unless agreed to in writing by Rippln.

(c) Governing Law; Venue. This Agreement and any action related thereto shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California without regard to the conflicts of laws provisions therein. This Agreement shall not be governed or affected by any version of the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act enacted in any jurisdiction.

(d) Dispute Resolution. 
(i) General. Customer and Rippln agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof or the use of the Product or Rippln Site (collectively, “Disputes”) will be settled by binding arbitration, except that each party retains the right to: (a) bring an individual action in small claims court and (b) bring an action seeking injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents or other intellectual property rights (“IP Protection Action”). The exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any IP Protection Action will be the state and federal courts located in the Eastern District of Texas in Texas and each of the parties hereto waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue in such courts.
(ii) Waiver; Consolidation. Customer acknowledges and agrees that Customer and Rippln are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class action or representative proceeding. Further, unless both Customer and Rippln otherwise agree in writing, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of any class or representative proceeding. If this specific paragraph is held unenforceable, then the entirety of this “Dispute Resolution” section will be deemed void. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, this “Dispute Resolution” section will survive any termination of this Agreement.
(iii) Arbitration Rules and Governing Law. The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (the “AAA Rules”) then in effect, except as modified by this “Dispute Resolution” section. (The AAA Rules are available at www.adr.org/arb_med or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879.) The Federal Arbitration Act will govern the interpretation and enforcement of this Section.
(iv) Arbitration Process. A party who desires to initiate arbitration must provide the other party with a written Demand for Arbitration as specified in the AAA Rules. (The AAA provides a form Demand for Arbitration at www.adr.org/si.asp?id=3477 and a separate form for California residents at www.adr.org/si.asp?id=3485.) The arbitrator will be either a retired judge or an attorney licensed to practice law in the state of California and will be selected by the parties from the AAA’s roster of consumer dispute arbitrators. If the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator within seven (7) days of delivery of the Demand for Arbitration, then the AAA will appoint the arbitrator in accordance with the AAA Rules.
(v) Arbitrator’s Decision. The arbitrator will render an award within the time frame specified in the AAA Rules. The arbitrator’s decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrator based the award. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitrator’s award damages must be consistent with the terms of the “Limitation of Liability” section above as to the types and the amounts of damages for which a party may be held liable. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the claimant and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the claimant’s individual claim. If Customer prevails in arbitration Customer will be entitled to an award of attorneys’ fees and expenses, to the extent provided under applicable law. Rippln will not seek, and hereby waives all rights it may have under applicable law to recover, attorneys’ fees and expenses if it prevails in arbitration.
(vi) Fees. Customer’s responsibility to pay any AAA filing, administrative and arbitrator fees will be solely as set forth in the AAA Rules. However, if Customer’s claim for damages does not exceed $75,000, Rippln will pay all such fees unless the arbitrator finds that either the substance of Customer’s claim or the relief sought in Customer’s Demand for Arbitration was frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
(vii) Changes. If Rippln changes this “Dispute Resolution” section after the date Customer first accepted this Agreement (or accepted any subsequent changes to this Agreement), Customer may reject any such change by sending us written notice (including by email to legal@Rippln.com) within 30 days of the date such change became effective, as indicated in the “Last Updated Date” below or in the date of Rippln’s email to Customer notifying Customer of such change. By rejecting any change, Customer is agreeing that Customer will arbitrate any Dispute between Customer and Rippln in accordance with the provisions of this “Dispute Resolution” section as of the date Customer first accepted this Agreement (or accepted any subsequent changes to this Agreement).

(e) Government End Users. The Product and related documentation are "Commercial Items", as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation", as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, and notwithstanding any other FAAR or other contractual clause to the contrary in any agreement into which this Agreement may be incorporated, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (i) only as Commercial Items and (ii) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein. Unpublished-rights reserved under the copyright laws of the United States.

(f) Export. Customer may not use or otherwise export or re-export the Product except as authorized by United States law and the laws of the jurisdiction in which the Product was obtained. In particular, but without limitation, the Product may not be used or exported or re-exported (i) into any U.S. embargoed countries or (ii) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Person’s List or Entity List. By using the Product, Customer represents and warrants that Customer is not located in any such country or on any such list. Customer also agree that Customer will not use these products for any purposes prohibited by United States law, including, without limitation, the development, design, manufacture or production of nuclear, missiles, or chemical or biological weapons.

(g) Unenforceability. In the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement shall be held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provisions shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.

(h) Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof, superseding any prior agreements between Customer and Rippln regarding the Product and Rippln Site and any and all written or oral agreements previously existing between the parties are expressly cancelled.


For any questions or comments or complaints or claims with respect to Product please contact:


Rippln, Inc., 901 Sam Rayburn Highway, Melissa, Texas 75070, support@Rippln.com


Rippln License Agreement. Last updated: February 1, 2013.
Copyright ©  2013 RipplnNet LLC. All rights reserved.
